Rough in 'Support and feedback' section. (#7263)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/support-feedback/submit-a-feature-request/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: Submit a feature request
description: 'TBD'
date: 2023-10-11
tags:
  - extensions
---

## Submit a feature request

> If you identify a feature (especially if it's related to an experimental API) that could improve the extensions, file a request as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you identify a feature (especially if it's related to an experimental API) that you believe could improve the extension's platform, file a request as described below.
```

> If you identify a feature (especially if it's related to an experimental API) that you believe could improve the extension's platform, file a request as described below.

Reviewer 2: I like the idea here but given we don't really define experimental API here, I think it's probably worth dropping:

```suggestion
If you identify a feature that you believe could improve the extension's platform, file a request as described below.
```

> 1.  Before submitting a feature request, [search the Chromium issue tracker](/docs/extensions/support-feedback/find-a-bug) to verify that your feature has not already been proposed.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should include something about the [WECG](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues) issues?

@oliverdunk @sebastianbenz any thoughts? I don't think this is a blocker, it just occurred to me since they discuss many proposals and feature requests

Author: I asked Oliver that in the Docs draft. This is what he said we should do.

> 1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker](https://crbug.com). Be as explicit as possible when filling out a feature request. The easier it is to understand the issue, the greater the chance it will be taken into consideration.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker](https://crbug.com). Be as explicit as possible when filling out a feature request. The easier it is to understand the use case, the greater the chance it will be taken into consideration.
```

> 1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker][https://crbug.com]. Be as explicit as possible when filling out the bug. The easier it is to reproduce the issue, the greater the chance it will be fixed promptly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker](https://crbug.com). Be as explicit as possible when filling out a feature request. The easier it is to understand the use case, the greater the chance it will be taken into consideration.
```

Author: I committed a separate fix for this. It's not the use case we need to understand. It's the problem in Chrome or the code that we need to understand.

Author: You're right. I mistook this for the bug instructions.

Author: This is fixed, but not with your suggestions.

> 1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker][https://crbug.com]. Be as explicit as possible when filling out the bug. The easier it is to reproduce the issue, the greater the chance it will be fixed promptly.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  File an issue in [the issue tracker](https://crbug.com). Be as explicit as possible when filling out a feature request. The easier it is to understand the issue, the greater the chance it will be taken into consideration.
```
